The President:
Hi, everybody.
This weekend, as you gather
with family and friends,
Michelle and I want to wish
you a Merry Christmas and a
Happy Holidays.
The First Lady:
We both love this time of year.
And there's nothing quite like
celebrating the holidays at
the White House.
It's an incredible experience
and one that we try to share
with as many folks as possible.
This month, more than 90,000
people will come through the
White House to see the
holiday decorations.
And our theme for this year's
holiday season was "Joy to All"
-- a reminder to appreciate
the many joys of the holidays:
the joy of giving, the joy
of service and, of course,
the joy of homecomings.
The President:
That's right.
This weekend, parents are
picking up their kids from
college -- and making room
for all the laundry they
bring with them.
Children are counting
down the hours until the
grandparents arrive.
And uncles, aunts and cousins
are all making their way to join
the family and share
in the holiday spirit.
The First Lady:
That's what makes this
season so special --
getting to spend time with
the people we love most.
The President:
And this year, that's
especially true for some of our
military families.
You see, the war
in Iraq is over.
The transition in
Afghanistan is underway.
And after a decade of war,
our heroes are coming home.
All across America, military
families are reuniting.
So this week let's give
thanks for our veterans and
their families.
And let's say a prayer
for all our troops --
especially those
in Afghanistan --
who are spending this
holiday overseas,
risking their lives to
defend the freedoms that we
hold so dear.
The First Lady:
And remember, when our men and
women in uniform answer the call
to serve, their families
serve right along with them.
All across the country, military
spouses have been raising their
families all alone during
those long deployments.
And let's not forget
about our military kids,
moving from base to base and
school to school every few
years, and stepping up to
help out at home when mom or
dad is away.
Our military families sacrifice
so much on our behalf,
and Barack and I believe that
we should serve them as well as
they serve this country.
That's why Dr. Jill Biden and
I started Joining Forces --
an effort to rally all Americans
to honor and support our
veterans and military families.
Just go to JoiningForces.gov to
find out how you can show your
gratitude for their service.
The President:
Because that's what this
season is all about.
For my family and
millions of Americans,
it's a time to celebrate
the birth of Christ.
To reflect on His life and
learn from His example.
Every year, we commit
to love one another.
To give of ourselves.
To be our brother's keeper.
To be our sister's keeper.
But those ideas are not
just part of our faith.
They're part of all faiths.
And they unite us as Americans.
The First Lady:
In this country, we
take care of each other.
And in this season of giving,
it's inspiring to see so many
people all across America
taking the time to help those
most in need.
The President:
That's part of what makes us
such a compassionate nation.
And this year, I know many of
you are extending that kindness
to the families who are still
picking up the pieces from
Hurricane Sandy and extending
your prayers to the people of
Newtown, Connecticut.
The First Lady:
So thank you for all that you've
done this year on behalf of your
fellow Americans.
The President:
And on behalf of my
favorite Americans --
Michelle, Malia, Sasha and Bo
-- Merry Christmas, everybody.
The First Lady:
Happy holidays.